Radio A is the advantaged/local node
Radio B is the disadvantaged/remote node         

START

HF Planner will scan for free channels and determine:
         channel list​
         Mod/Cod
         bandwidth​

Radio A: Based on this scan from HF Planner, write this information to
         a JSON file

Radio A: The MAC Layer sends a sounding signal along with the JSON parameters
         to the GNU Radio software. The sounding signal will be a sequence
         known to both Radio A and Radio B. GNU radio performs the D/A and 
         transmits sounding signal on each of the channels in the available
         channel list. (diversity) (Task 1 and 2)

Radio A: Rx listen for uplink traffic​ sent by Radio B

Radio B: Replies with SNR values for N best channels (diversity) (Task 3 and 4)​

Radio A: Receives the SNR levels, the GNU Radio performs A/D and passes the 
         response to the MAC Layer. 

Radio A: When response is received from Radio B, write the received SNR data​
         to a file. Based on this SNR data, re-write the JSON to contain​
         only the best channels specified by B.​ This new JSON file will be
         used to provide the parameters for the payload data package.
             channel list​
             Mod/Cod
             bandwidth​

Radio A: Based on the updated JSON file, Tx the payload data package but using
         only the highest quality channels (multiplexing)​. The data package is
         preceded by header information that indicates the signal format to
         Radio B.

Radio A: Rx listen for uplink traffic ​sent by Radio B

Radio B: Receives the payload data package. Stores the data and/or presents
         to the user.

OPTION 1
--------

Radio B: Replies to Radio A and indicates that the data package
         was received correctly on​ these channels (diversity)​
         or indicates some problem with the data

Radio A: When status is received from Radio B, logs the status information​
         and sends an ending sequence to Radio B

OPTION 2
--------

Radio B: If the message was not received properly, replies to Radio A
         indicating the error

Radio A: Using a timer, waits for an error message from Radio B. If times
         out then all OK


